docs: added project description (#159)
fairDataSociety/fdp-storage: README.md

# Fair Data Protocol Storage

> **FDP Storage** is a serverless web3 filesystem for organizing users' personal data implement in Typescript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**FDP Storage** is a serverless web3 filesystem for organizing users' personal data implemented in Typescript.
```

Such data is stored using certain structures that allow the data created in one dApp to be interpreted in another dApp. The current implementation allows to create and manage pods (similar to disks in file systems), directories, and files.

> The library requires the [Bee](https://github.com/ethersphere/bee) endpoint of the node to interact with the data. If you plan to do write operations, you will need to specify [postage batch id](https://docs.ethswarm.org/docs/access-the-swarm/keep-your-data-alive). The library can work both with nodes connected to the mainnet network and with local nodes. To run a local test node, you can use [FDP Play](https://github.com/fairDataSociety/fdp-play).

Reviewer: I would remove the network related part since it is possible to use any network with the library (e.g. testnet as well)
```suggestion
The library requires the API endpoint of a [Bee](https://github.com/ethersphere/bee) node to interact with the data. If you plan to do write operations, you will need to specify [postage batch id](https://docs.ethswarm.org/docs/access-the-swarm/keep-your-data-alive).
To run a local test node trying out the functionalities, you can use [FDP Play](https://github.com/fairDataSociety/fdp-play).
```

> As an account for FDP Storage, it can act as a local account based on the [BIP-44](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki) mnemonic phrase or an account saved in a [smart contract](https://github.com/fairDataSociety/fdp-contracts). To store an account in a smart contract, you may need to top up your wallet address. To test account registration in a test environment, you can also use [FDP Play](https://github.com/fairDataSociety/fdp-play).

Reviewer: I made a suggestion here, but feel free to elaborate the FDP account better in terms and technical background because it is a crucial component in the stack. Try to use already introduced terms such as portable account. When https://github.com/fairDataSociety/FIPs/pull/59 got accepted you can also link that here (maybe we can wait with this PR until then). 
IMO it is enough to mention once FDP Play in this section.
```suggestion
The FDP Storage user account is a wallet based on the [BIP-44](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki) mnemonic phrase from which one can create a portable account allowing retrieving the wallet from anywhere by providing a username and a password to the library.
```

# Fair Data Protocol Storage

**FDP Storage** is a serverless web3 filesystem for organizing users' personal data implemented in Typescript.

Such data is stored using certain structures that allow the data created in one dApp to be interpreted in another dApp. The current implementation allows to create and manage pods (similar to disks in file systems), directories, and files.

The library requires the API endpoint of a [Bee](https://github.com/ethersphere/bee) node to interact with the data. If you plan to do write operations, you will need to specify [postage batch id](https://docs.ethswarm.org/docs/access-the-swarm/keep-your-data-alive).
To run a local test node trying out the functionalities, you can use [FDP Play](https://github.com/fairDataSociety/fdp-play).

The FDP Storage user account is a wallet based on the [BIP-44](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki) mnemonic phrase from which one can create a portable account allowing retrieving the wallet from anywhere by providing a username and a password to the library.

> The library can work in the browser, in Node.js and in mobile applications using [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/). There is an implementation of FDP Storage in Golang: https://github.com/fairDataSociety/fairOS-dfs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library can work in the browser, in Node.js and in mobile applications using [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/). There is an implementation of Personal Storage in Golang: https://github.com/fairDataSociety/fairOS-dfs
```
